README.md, before:

# Themes

Pick your preferred theme file, copy it as `~/.config/yazi/theme.toml` or `C:\Users\YourName\AppData\Roaming\yazi\config\theme.toml`.

> [!TIP]
> If you've created a theme for Yazi, please raise a PR to add your repo to the `README.md`.

## [Catppuccin Mocha](./catppuccin-mocha)

<img src="./catppuccin-mocha/screenshot.png" width="600" />

## [Catppuccin Latte](./catppuccin-latte)

<img src="./catppuccin-latte/screenshot.png" width="600" />

## [Catppuccin Frappe](./catppuccin-frappe)

<img src="./catppuccin-frappe/screenshot.png" width="600" />

## [Catppuccin Macchiato](./catppuccin-macchiato)

<img src="./catppuccin-macchiato/screenshot.png" width="600" />

## [Crystal](https://github.com/sachinsenal0x64/crystal-theme)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sachinsenal0x64/crystal-theme/main/screenshot.png" width="600" />

## [Gruvbox Dark](https://github.com/poperigby/gruvbox-dark-yazi)

<img src="https://github.com/poperigby/gruvbox-dark-yazi/assets/20866468/219985f5-5dff-4a10-99a5-d41c4adc6ba7" width="600" />

## [Flexoki](https://github.com/Reledia/flexoki.yazi)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Reledia/flexoki.yazi/main/preview.png" width="600" />

## [Rosé Pine](https://github.com/Msouza91/rose-pine.yazi)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Msouza91/rose-pine.yazi/main/code-preview.png" width="600" />

Commit message:

docs: add a placeholder for the flavors section

README.md, after:

# Flavors

FIXME: Add a description

Will be updated soon once I get some free time.

# Themes

Pick your preferred theme file, copy it as `~/.config/yazi/theme.toml` or `C:\Users\YourName\AppData\Roaming\yazi\config\theme.toml`.

> [!TIP]
> If you've created a theme for Yazi, please raise a PR to add your repo to the `README.md`.

## [Catppuccin Mocha](./catppuccin-mocha)

<img src="./catppuccin-mocha/screenshot.png" width="600" />

## [Catppuccin Latte](./catppuccin-latte)

<img src="./catppuccin-latte/screenshot.png" width="600" />

## [Catppuccin Frappe](./catppuccin-frappe)

<img src="./catppuccin-frappe/screenshot.png" width="600" />

## [Catppuccin Macchiato](./catppuccin-macchiato)

<img src="./catppuccin-macchiato/screenshot.png" width="600" />

## [Crystal](https://github.com/sachinsenal0x64/crystal-theme)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sachinsenal0x64/crystal-theme/main/screenshot.png" width="600" />

## [Gruvbox Dark](https://github.com/poperigby/gruvbox-dark-yazi)

<img src="https://github.com/poperigby/gruvbox-dark-yazi/assets/20866468/219985f5-5dff-4a10-99a5-d41c4adc6ba7" width="600" />

## [Flexoki](https://github.com/Reledia/flexoki.yazi)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Reledia/flexoki.yazi/main/preview.png" width="600" />

## [Rosé Pine](https://github.com/Msouza91/rose-pine.yazi)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Msouza91/rose-pine.yazi/main/code-preview.png" width="600" />
